Adding some suggested additions and changes (#14)
supercontainers/containers-wg: _ideas/container-metadata.md

## What are the challenges that we are trying to solve?

 - Containers are not able to provide enough metadata about binaries / libraries inside to assess compatibility with a host.

>  - Existing container metadata does not come in any standard format that can be easily parsed.  HPC developers often must parse build files, scripts, image layers, etc. (when available) to determine the contents.

Reviewer: I would soften the language here - because inspect of a container does dump json with labels, and possibly environment and annotations. I maybe would say:
```suggestion
 - Although there is a limited ability to parse high level container metadata, details about the contents of containers does not come in any standard format that can be easily parsed.  HPC developers often must parse build files, scripts, image layers, etc. (when available) to determine the contents.
```

## What pre-existing work or software can support these ideas?

Existing technologies that address parts of these ideas (incompletely):
 - Docker provides [Object labels](https://docs.docker.com/config/labels-custom-metadata/) that are optional for images, containers, volumes, and more (such as the `LABEL` command within the Dockerfile).

>  - Singularity definition files provide a few relevant environments

Reviewer: Do you mean to say that Singularity definition files allow the creator to define environment variables? Or do you mean the runtime user can parse that? Or something else?

Author: Oops, somehow I didn't finish that sentence!  Made a new commit to fix.

Existing technologies that address parts of these ideas (incompletely):
 - Docker provides [Object labels](https://docs.docker.com/config/labels-custom-metadata/) that are optional for images, containers, volumes, and more (such as the `LABEL` command within the Dockerfile).

>  - Singularity [definition files](https://sylabs.io/guides/3.8/user-guide/definition_files.html) provide a few relevant sections, such as `label` and `help`.  More Singularity metadata discussion [here](https://sylabs.io/guides/3.8/user-guide/environment_and_metadata.html).

Author: @vsoch Is this better?

Reviewer: Yes! I get what you are saying now. LGTM.
